Update README.md for worklow files (#1658)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: .github/workflows/README.md

    - trigger: issue [opened, labeled], pull-request [opened, labeled]
    - job: assign_to_board
        - Assigns issues and PRs to either Content Development board or BSSw Internal board based on labels ("content: *" or "scope: site-internal")
* notify-external-contrib.yml (Notify external contributions)

>     - triggers issue [opened], discussion [opened], pull_request [opened, re-opened, review_requested, ready_for_review]

Reviewer: Is more suggesting a higher-level description of the triggers like:

* Triggered when an external person opens and issue, discussion, or pull request (see [here](https://github.com/betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io/blob/f5eb9574ec541ef04a07f2b195af148ab78eda51/.github/workflows/notify-external-contrib.yml#L3-L8) for precise details)

    - job: notify-external-contributions
        - Label and send email to bssw-editorial-list for externally opened issues, prs and discussions
    - **Notes**: Requires a few special items
        - A personal access token (PAT). A GitHub user creates in the `Developer settings` subsection of your own, personal `Settings`.

>            - This is needed to read the contents (GitHub user names) of the `bssw-editorial-board` team. This could be avoided entirely if we just included the names of bssw editorial board members directly in the action's `.yml` file. Honestly, there probably isn't anything wrong with that because all of our activities for bssw are *public* on GitHub anyways.

Reviewer: But we don't want to duplicate the list of members in the `bssw-editorial-board` team so some work up front that avoids that duplication was worth the effort (if we expect this site to live for a long time).

Author: ```suggestion
           - This is needed to read the contents (GitHub user names) of the `bssw-editorial-board` team.
              This could be avoided entirely if we just included the names of bssw editorial board members directly in the action's `.yml` file.
              Honestly, the only thing wrong with that is that it creates a second place to go edit when bssw editorial team membership changes.
```

           - A PAT has an expiration date. You can set it to not-expire but that might be a bad idea from a security standpoint.
           - The PAT has to be given `admin` privilege `read:org`
           - This is all mentioned in the `README.md` for the action used (https://github.com/tspascoal/get-user-teams-membership)
           - Once a PAT is created, you need to copy it to the `Repository secrets` part of bssw repo and give it a name.
           - That name appears in line 21 of `notify-external-contrib.yml` where it is used to set the value of `GITHUB_TOKEN` env. variable
        - A username/password pair for an associated send-mail-transfer-protocol (smtp) server account with which to send mail.
           - I used Google's smtp server and my personal Google email.

>            - Whoever's email is being used here needs to be *whitelisted* on the `bssw-editorial-list` email list.

Author: Good point. But, I think the actual term used by the list admin software is indeed *whitelist* (its part of the list admin controls interface I think) and using a more inclusive synonym then can create some confusion for someone responsible for taking this action when/if its needed.

```suggestion
           - Whoever's email is being used here needs to be *allow-listed* on the `bssw-editorial-list` email list.
```
